
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:23	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:23	Private field 'dataBaseName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:25	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:33	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:33	Parameter 'dbName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:43	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'checkDB' (lines '43'-'46').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:45	Local variable 'myPath' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:47	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:50	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:52	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:63	Local variable 'inFileName' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:64	Local variable 'myInput' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:67	Local variable 'outFileName' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:70	Local variable 'myOutput' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:75	Avoid assignments in operands
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:75	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'length' (lines '75'-'84').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:101	Avoid assignments in operands
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:101	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'length' (lines '101'-'110').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:113	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:114	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:119	Avoid variables with short names like db
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:119	Document empty method
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:119	Parameter 'db' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:122	Avoid variables with short names like db
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:122	Document empty method
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:122	Parameter 'db' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/DataBaseHelper.java:122	Parameter 'newVersion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:7	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:14	Parameter 'wifiList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:16	Local variable 'number' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:30	Parameter 'wifiList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:32	Local variable 'number' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:47	Parameter 'wifiList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:60	Parameter 'wifiList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:61	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'wifiLevel' (lines '61'-'67').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:72	Parameter 'wifiLevel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:74	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:74	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '74'-'82').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:75	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'wifiLevelList' (lines '75'-'77').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:77	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'wifiLevelList' (lines '77'-'77').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:79	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '79'-'82').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:84	Local variable 'numberLevel' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:85	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'wifiLevelList' (lines '85'-'87').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:87	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'wifiLevelList' (lines '87'-'87').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:93	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'otherPercent' (lines '93'-'96').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:94	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sPlace' (lines '94'-'100').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:94	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sPlace' (lines '94'-'102').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:94	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sPlace' (lines '94'-'106').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:94	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sPlace' (lines '94'-'108').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:100	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:102	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:106	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Functions.java:108	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Guide.java:9	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/Guide.java:9	Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:19	The class 'LocalDatabase' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:21	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:22	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:23	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:25	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:26	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:26	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like DATABASE_CREATE_TABLE
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:33	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:34	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:35	Avoid variables with short names like db
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:35	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:38	Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:38	Parameter 'dbName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:40	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:51	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:56	Avoid variables with short names like db
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:56	Parameter 'db' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:57	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:62	Avoid variables with short names like db
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:62	Parameter 'db' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:103	Local variable 'initialValues' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:125	Local variable 'mCursor' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:127	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:133	The method 'getPlace' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:134	Local variable 'mCursor' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:135	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sPlace' (lines '135'-'162').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:136	Local variable 'maxNumberPlace' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:137	Local variable 'place' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:140	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:143	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:143	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'check' (lines '143'-'153').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:144	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'percent' (lines '144'-'148').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:144	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'percent' (lines '144'-'171').
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:147	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:152	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/LocalDatabase.java:164	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:17	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:17	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:17	Perhaps 'btChange' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:18	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:19	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:19	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:23	Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:38	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:38	Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:40	Local variable 'appPrefs' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:57	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:57	Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:59	Local variable 'appPrefs' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:74	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:74	Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:75	Local variable 'appPrefs' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:77	Local variable 'prefsEditor' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/TestPassAc.java:105	Parameter 'menu' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:17	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:18	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:19	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:20	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:20	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:21	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:29	Avoid variables with short names like db
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:29	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:32	Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:32	Parameter 'dbName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:34	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:45	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:50	Avoid variables with short names like db
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:50	Parameter 'db' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:51	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:56	Avoid variables with short names like db
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:56	Parameter 'db' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:96	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:97	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:99	Local variable 'initialValues' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:120	Local variable 'mCursor' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:124	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:131	Local variable 'mCursor' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:134	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:134	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:134	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:136	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiDataBase.java:141	Local variable 'args' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:38	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:39	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:39	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:40	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:40	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:42	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:42	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:43	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:43	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:44	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:44	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:61	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:61	Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:109	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:109	Parameter 'intent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:114	Local variable 'placeList' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:116	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:116	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:140	Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:148	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:148	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:149	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:155	Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:160	Local variable 'layoutInflater' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:163	Local variable 'popupView' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:171	Local variable 'imm' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:172	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:213	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:236	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:236	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WiFiUsingDatabase.java:237	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiActivity.java:18	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiActivity.java:18	Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiActivity.java:24	Parameter 'menu' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiActivity.java:31	Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiActivity.java:34	Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiActivity.java:37	Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:22	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:22	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:23	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:23	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:25	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:25	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:26	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:26	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:27	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:27	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:32	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:32	Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:41	Overriding method merely calls super
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:48	Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:63	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:73	Overriding method merely calls super
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:85	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:85	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:85	Parameter 'intent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:87	Local variable 'results' could be declared final
src/com/example/wifilocatordemo/WifiInfomation.java:89	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses